So in the last lectures we saw how to run the application on Android devices or an Android simulator,
now I want to do the same for iOS and here, these steps only work on a Mac,
you can't build for iOS on a Windows machine, you can't even run them on a simulator there.
So sorry if you've got Windows, no chance to do that,
if you get a Mac though, you need to install Xcode which is Apple's development environment for iOS
apps.
We won't use Xcode to write our code but just like Android Studio, we can use it to well basically
launch a simulator, though even that would happen automatically here but we'll later also need it
and I'll come back to when we need it.
So make sure to install Xcode and launch it at least once to accept any license agreement it throws
at you.
Once you did all of that, you can simply run npm run ios,
so it's a bit easier and for Android, not much else needed and there it automatically will build it for
iOS now for Xcode, it launched my simulator here
too so let's wait for this to finish booting up and once it did finish boot up, it will just finish the
compilation here over in the terminal where we ran the command. And as a side note, all these commands
are commands you don't have to keep going,
they don't start a process which keeps on,
they just are one time commands,
building the project and shipping it, it's this terminal window here on the left which you need to keep
running which in the end will always redeploy updated versions of your project and that is the case no
matter if you're building for Android or iOS or whatever you are doing.
So let's wait for this to finish
and once it did finish, it also starts the app here, again it builds it which can take a bit longer
the first time it does that but thereafter, we'll see our application run here on the iPhone simulator,
you don't even need the iPhone for that. But we will still also run it on an iPhone,
so for that let me simply close the simulator by killing the process, by quitting from it.
In the next video, I will show you how to run your project on an iPhone.